north yungas road in bolivia is one of
the most
picturesque and most hazardous roads in
the world
just imagine biking along a cliff trail
at a mind-numbing height
overlooking the lush bolivian jungle and
misty mountains at a distance
what a view but as soon as you realize
you're riding on a 10 foot wide stretch
of road
some of which isn't even paved you might
get skin crawls
and for good reason over 200 folks
tumbled to their demise each year on
this devious mountain climb
and the absence of any guard rail
doesn't help at all
[Music]
now if you're more into walking consider
the husseini bridge in pakistan
it's officially the most dangerous
hanging bridge in the world
but hardly the only one in the country
it's a long and nerve-wracking traverse
over lake borat
with many planks of the bridge missing
and the whole construction creaking
ominously in the wind
still the place has become a major
tourist attraction
although the old and broken bridge
visible nearby
only adds to the impression that you're
inevitably going to fall to a
screaming end well at least you can be
thankful that the lake beneath
is not lake natron in tanzania if you
fall into water
you still have a chance of survival if
you fall into the waters of natron
not so much the ph levels here are skin
melting 10.5 what passes for water is
more like an alkaline soup
no wonder this place is so peaceful
pretty much
nothing wants to live here and yet
flocks of flamingos come to lake natron
to breed every few seasons
and it becomes a white pink paradise for
the period
positively
which can be said about the danikel
depression in ethiopia
despite its beautiful otherworldly
landscape
it's perhaps the loneliest place on
earth yellow orange and green mounds are
made of salt
sulfur and iron creating views like
nowhere else on the planet
yet the combination of temperature and
toxic minerals
makes this place absolutely unlivable
researchers coming here haven't found
even microscopic life in this valley
really like another planet beautiful and
desolate
on the other hand there's an island
that's bubbling with life
yet still you don't want to be there
it's called snake island
and the name says it all it's chock full
of snakes
in fact there are so many of them
especially the venomous varieties
that brazil has forbidden access to the
island to any and all
visitors but even if it wasn't closed
off
not many would be brave enough to go to
a place where a single step offshore
could land you a venomous bite
now i'll bet that fly geyser in the
middle of the nevada desert
was created partly because humans became
jealous of that
this place had been just another bit of
desert until
1916 people came here to drill a water
well
they quickly saw the error of their ways
though the water came out boiling hot
and unfit for drinking
50 years later there was another attempt
but the same thing happened
we don't learn do we anyway hot water
never stops spewing from
under the ground and today we have a
massive geyser cluster
colored in shades of red orange and
yellow
now i say let's take a break from things
that could bite burn or crush you
and take a walk in a serene forest we're
in japan
and it's sagano bamboo forest a
marvelous natural park
where you can't help but hush your voice
and just look
and listen too because the sound of the
wind in the bamboo trees
is the first ever officially recognized
soundscape
all the more surprising to find such a
place just
half an hour's ride from kyoto one of
the busiest cities in the country
take a deep breath of fresh air now
you're gonna need it
we're going underwater behold the great
blue
hole apparently named by captain obvious
it's one of the most beautiful places on
the planet
located off the coast of belize this
giant sinkhole is a massive tourist
attraction
especially popular among divers it's
actually a whole
cave system and they say it gets weirder
and more picturesque the deeper you dive
beware though it's popular among sharks
too
and both bull sharks and hammerheads
have been spotted here more than once
at first glance this pretty waterfall
located in minnesota in the u.s
looks like your average waterfall what's
interesting about this waterfall
is that it has two different bodies of
falling water
one side has water falling into another
body of water lake superior
the other one has water that falls
straight into a huge natural hole in the
ground
where does this water lead well that's
the mysterious part
no one seems to know people visiting the
waterfall have dropped sticks and other
objects down the disappearing waterfall
but they never see their items reappear
downstream
in the past scientists put the water to
the test by releasing dye
into the waterfall they've even dropped
large amounts of ping-pong balls down
there
but they've never found a trace of the
dye in any bodies of water in the area
so where is this water going well most
of you will agree that this water has to
go somewhere
perhaps it's going into the ground but
wouldn't have to come out somewhere
scientists are still working on figuring
this one out
if you were to travel eight miles or so
north of salisbury in
england to a place called salisbury
plain you'd see
tourists staring in awe at the great
stonehenge
this prehistoric stone formation has
been sitting in this spot for
thousands of years according to the
encyclopedia britannica
stonehenge was constructed in six stages
between the years
3000 and 1520 bce
but what's so interesting about a bunch
of giant rocks
a lot actually well today we have
machines that can help us lift heavy
materials
to build giant buildings and monuments
back in the days when stonehenge was
built
no one had access to this type of
technology
so how on earth could anyone have lifted
stones
weighing anywhere from 4 to 37 tons
even more than that why were they doing
this
archaeologists have come up with plenty
of theories to explain this phenomenon
some guests that the men who built
stonehenge used a system of sledges
rollers and boats others hypothesized
that it was built with a weighted levee
system
well many of these guesses seem to make
sense to a certain extent
to this day no one has a definitive
answer
and there may never be one
if you saw dancing lights in the sky
what would you think they were
aliens coming to earth shooting stars
well the residents of hesterlin valley
norway
have to live with this burning question
every single night
in hesterlin valley brightly colored
lights appear in the sky
in different colors and shapes for the
last four decades and possibly longer
this phenomenon has continued to puzzle
scientists
according to some theories these lights
could be caused by
a nearby radioactive lake emitting
particles that light
up in the air as they evaporate other
scientists think that
the base of the valley contains a lot of
sulfuric acid
when it comes into contact with the
water it causes sparks to appear in the
sky
even though there are many different
guesses as to why this town
gets their very own light show every
night
scientists still haven't come up with a
definitive answer
for now they'll just have to sit back
and enjoy the free show
[Music]
your adventures are getting more and
more extreme you're heading for
antarctica
there in the southern ocean you'll find
the raw sea ice shelf
say that five times real fast later not
now
it's roughly the size of spain with the
ocean underneath containing as much
water as the north sea
once scientists drilled all the way down
through this enormous chunk of ice
imagine their astonishment when they
found life in those extreme conditions
the researchers came across dozens of
mysterious species not
known before the most unnerving were
upside down
swimming fish and overturned sea
anemones hanging in the frigid waters
hopefully bizarre places with a
notorious reputation
don't frighten you well too bad because
you're about to visit the bermuda
triangle
it's an area between bermuda florida and
puerto rico
where planes and ships seem to vanish in
thin air
for the first time this place attracted
a lot of attention in 1945
that's when five u.s navy planes
disappeared during training
before radio contact was lost the flight
leader said
we're entering white water nothing seems
right
after that the planes with 14 men flying
them
disappeared even scarier a rescue plane
with 13 people on board
never came back as well some people
believe the mythical city of atlantis
lies at the bottom of the triangle they
claim its inhabitants use
extraterrestrial technologies to sink
ships and crash airplanes
others blame rare and unexplored natural
phenomenon
for example magnetic anomalies or
massive pockets of flammable methane gas
there we go again then if a bolt of
lightning ignited a giant methane bubble
near a ship or a plane
this could probably make it sink without
a trace except the smell
but methane is found everywhere all over
the world
and it never behaves this way some
experts aren't sure there's a mystery to
explain whatsoever
lots of busy routes pass through this
area no wonder more ships and planes
sink there than anywhere else
now prepare some warm clothes you're
heading for the north again
your destination is cape desolation in
greenland
nice place in 2012 canadian researchers
were sampling the water in that area
and their equipment came back to the
surface with pieces of coral attached to
it
that's how a cold water coral reef was
stumbled across
these unique pinkish corals can easily
go without sunlight
and live in strong currents 3 000 feet
below the surface
another unique spot you can't miss lies
between greenland and siberia
the gecko ridge is the deepest and most
remote portion
of the global mid-ocean ridge system in
some places
it reaches the depth of more than three
miles it's only natural
the darkest corners of this underwater
world remain
unexplored fascinating chemical
reactions happening at the bottom of the
ridge
produce hot fluids rich in minerals they
spew
like freshmen at a rush party from
seafloor vents
and since these vents are isolated from
the rest of the ocean
there are hot spots for bizarre
creatures found nowhere else in the
world
your next stop is just off the coast of
cuba
circular columns paved floors
symmetrical stone structures
that's what the cuban underwater city
looks like
what happened there why was a large city
abandoned at a depth of more than
two thousand feet lots of people believe
those are the ruins of a long forgotten
civilization
but scientists have their doubts they
claim the lost city is nothing but a
natural phenomenon that appeared about
five million years ago
the disc and donut structures often
appear around the areas of the sea floor
where
natural gases break free again with the
gases
when you come to visit the sargasso sea
in the middle of the north atlantic
ocean
you won't find its shores instead it's
surrounded by powerful ocean currents
these are the same currents that turn
the sea into a gigantic convention
for dense brown seaweed in the 19th
century
a french ship was discovered in the
sargasso sea
its sails were set but not a single crew
member was on board
this mysterious disappearance made
people believe the seaweed was
carnivorous the sargasso sea is indeed a
weird place
it's always eerily calm and unnaturally
warm
even though it's surrounded by the
churning freezing waters of the atlantic
ocean
bermeja island is uh was located off the
north coast of the yucatan peninsula in
the gulf of mexico
about the size of san marino it was well
known and had been on many maps since
the 16th century
over four centuries countless fishermen
and travelers from around the world
talked of the island's distinct red
coast bermeja means reddish orange in
spanish
search expeditions started not long
after its disappearance
a notable one being in 2009
some believe the island was flooded
because of the melting ice caps rising
the sea levels
others think the island was destroyed
deliberately
it remains a mystery to this day but
here's the strange part
burmeja is by far not alone islands
appear on some maps
and disappear on others some consider
these lands a bad sign for sailors
others viewed them as salvation during a
storm
the very first mention of an island
disappearing from the face of the earth
was in the year 360 bce the very last
was recent enough to be captured on
google maps
you've probably heard of the first one
atlantis
plato wrote about it describing a rich
civilization with advanced technology
way ahead of his time after him many
other famous philosophers and writers
described it as a paradise on earth
huge buildings with striking
architecture picturesque nature
people living in peace and harmony a
real utopia
until earthquakes and floods sank it to
the depths of the sea forever
before plato described it for the first
time there was not a single mention of
atlantis
so until some undeniable evidence
reveals itself
it's still seen as mythical in 1558
a descendant of the famous 14th century
explorer
nicolo zeno published a map supposedly
based on his ancestors findings
it describes the island of frisland to
the south of iceland
many people searched for this unheard of
place to build a new world on it
but it eluded their discovery for more
than a century
this island appeared on different maps
and almost always changed its location
historians later found out that the
descendant had lied about the island's
existence
sarah ann island a small piece many
explorers went looking for at the end of
the 19th century
it was believed to be covered with bird
droppings a highly valuable fertilizer
at that time
but in the end no one found it in 1937
astronomers search for sarah anne
because it would have made a perfect
location for viewing a total solar
eclipse
and again they found nothing it might
have never existed at all
or it could have been lost to the rising
sea
now get this at the beginning of the
20th century
a huge piece of crockerland appeared on
maps north of greenland
this wasn't considered just a novel
island but a whole new
continent during his journey to the
north pole
explorer robert perry discovered an
unknown land that wasn't marked on any
maps
perry had been on the northernmost
canadian island ellesmere
when he looked through his binoculars
and noticed white mountains stretching
across the horizon on a distant island
perry didn't have enough food and fuel
to sail there he had to turn around
a few years later a new expedition was
organized
it took researchers a long time and a
lot of money to find the land perry was
talking about
almost all supplies had run out and hope
was leaving the travelers
but then they saw the same mountain
peaks of an
unknown island sadly their joy soon
turned to dismay
when it turned out that this was not an
island but an illusion caused by
fog cold temperatures and sunlight
at a certain angle it looked like an
island but as you get closer
it changes its shape and disappears like
a mirage in the desert
this island is the most isolated place
in the world
it's located in the south atlantic ocean
sixteen hundred miles away from south
africa
and eleven hundred miles from antarctica
a perfect location for an introvert
it's challenging to reach the island and
typically you can only do so from some
large ships passing by
almost the entire island is covered by a
glacier
and in its center lies a volcanic crater
the only permanent residents of the
island are penguins and seals
the island was discovered by a french
explorer in 1739
however the coordinates of this place
were not recorded
for the next 69 years the island was
hidden
in the early 19th century it was finally
rediscovered
but a human foot came ashore only in
hopefully it was still attached to some
explorer
in the mid 20th century people decided
to build a weather station there
as soon as the researchers sailed to the
island they discovered
something strange they found a lifeboat
in a small lagoon among the seals
it was in good condition and could still
sail the researchers found oars
and an empty copper buoyancy tank not
far from the boat
there were no markings or emblems on the
boat it seemed that a ship was wrecked
and the sailors escaped by this boat
however
no human tracks were found on the island
who owned this boat and what happened to
those who sailed on it
remains a mystery now let's end our trip
with an island that is completely safe
and even pleasant what a surprise pig
beach is an island located in the
bahamas
this is not the official name of this
place but it's called that because of
the local swimming pigs
the island is inhabited by these animals
they sunbathe on the beach walk through
the jungle
and beg for food from tourists but the
cool thing is
they can all swim really well cute pink
and brown piglets splash in the water
and
grunt begging for food thanks to feeding
by tourists and caring locals
these animals manage to survive on the
island
you can stay at a hotel on a nearby
island and visit the pigs by
boat nobody knows precisely where the
pigs came from
according to one legend the pigs
survived a shipwreck and swam to this
island
you can find several cats and goats
there as well
animal farm anyone